With your words, I am relieved, Your Majesty
I am your wife
Naturally, I have to consider you everywhere.
Since the hippie sister is fine
Then let's go back first.
The emperor's concubine saw a bull's head and a horse's face in a trance
To take away the concubine
The concubine is so afraid
Ask the emperor to pity the poor concubine
Stay with the concubine
Emperor
Today, Xiping's sister was so frightened in the palace
It is also reasonable for the emperor to accompany him
Then I will stay here temporarily today.
Doesn't the emperor come in to sleep?
Yeah.
I'm not tired yet
Your Majesty, I still have some folds to skin
You rest first
I'm right here with you